[Music]
[Music] again David gathered all the choice men
again David gathered all the choice men
again David gathered all the choice men of Israel 30,000 and David arose and
of Israel 30,000 and David arose and
of Israel 30,000 and David arose and went with all the people who were with
went with all the people who were with
went with all the people who were with him from Bailey Judah to bring up from
him from Bailey Judah to bring up from
him from Bailey Judah to bring up from there the Ark of God whose name is
there the Ark of God whose name is
there the Ark of God whose name is called by the name the Lord of Hosts who
called by the name the Lord of Hosts who
called by the name the Lord of Hosts who dwells between the cherubim so they set
dwells between the cherubim so they set
dwells between the cherubim so they set the Ark of God on a new card and brought
the Ark of God on a new card and brought
the Ark of God on a new card and brought it out of the house of abinadab which
it out of the house of abinadab which
it out of the house of abinadab which was on the hill and other and Ohio the
was on the hill and other and Ohio the
was on the hill and other and Ohio the sons of a dad drove the new cart
sons of a dad drove the new cart
sons of a dad drove the new cart and they brought it out of the house of
and they brought it out of the house of
and they brought it out of the house of abinadab which was on the hill
abinadab which was on the hill
abinadab which was on the hill accompanying the Ark of God and Ohio
accompanying the Ark of God and Ohio
accompanying the Ark of God and Ohio went before the ark then David and all
went before the ark then David and all
went before the ark then David and all the house of Israel played music before
the house of Israel played music before
the house of Israel played music before the Lord on all kinds of instruments of
the Lord on all kinds of instruments of
the Lord on all kinds of instruments of fir wood on harps on stringed
fir wood on harps on stringed
fir wood on harps on stringed instruments on tambourines on sistrums
instruments on tambourines on sistrums
instruments on tambourines on sistrums and on cymbals and when they came to
and on cymbals and when they came to
and on cymbals and when they came to neck hands threshing floor aza put out
neck hands threshing floor aza put out
neck hands threshing floor aza put out his hand to the Ark of God and took hold
his hand to the Ark of God and took hold
his hand to the Ark of God and took hold of it for the oxen stumbled then the
of it for the oxen stumbled then the
of it for the oxen stumbled then the anger of the Lord was aroused against
anger of the Lord was aroused against
anger of the Lord was aroused against other and God struck him therefore his
other and God struck him therefore his
other and God struck him therefore his error
error
error and uh by the arc of God and David
and uh by the arc of God and David
and uh by the arc of God and David became angry because of the Lord's
became angry because of the Lord's
became angry because of the Lord's outbreak against Aza and he called the
outbreak against Aza and he called the
outbreak against Aza and he called the name of a place Pires other to this day
name of a place Pires other to this day
name of a place Pires other to this day David was afraid of the Lord that day
David was afraid of the Lord that day
David was afraid of the Lord that day how can the Ark of the Lord come to me
how can the Ark of the Lord come to me
how can the Ark of the Lord come to me so David would not move the Ark of the
so David would not move the Ark of the
so David would not move the Ark of the Lord with him into the city of David but
Lord with him into the city of David but
Lord with him into the city of David but David took it aside into the house of
David took it aside into the house of
David took it aside into the house of obed-edom the gittite the Ark of the
obed-edom the gittite the Ark of the
obed-edom the gittite the Ark of the Lord remained in the house of obed-edom
Lord remained in the house of obed-edom
Lord remained in the house of obed-edom the gittite three months and the Lord
the gittite three months and the Lord
the gittite three months and the Lord blessed obed-edom and all his household
blessed obed-edom and all his household
blessed obed-edom and all his household now it was told King David the Lord has
now it was told King David the Lord has
now it was told King David the Lord has blessed the house of obed-edom and all
blessed the house of obed-edom and all
blessed the house of obed-edom and all that belongs to him because of the Ark
that belongs to him because of the Ark
that belongs to him because of the Ark of God so David went and brought up the
of God so David went and brought up the
of God so David went and brought up the Ark of God from the house of obed-edom
Ark of God from the house of obed-edom
Ark of God from the house of obed-edom to the City of David with gladness and
to the City of David with gladness and
to the City of David with gladness and so it was when those bearing the Ark of
so it was when those bearing the Ark of
so it was when those bearing the Ark of the Lord had gone six paces that he
the Lord had gone six paces that he
the Lord had gone six paces that he sacrificed oxen and fatted sheep
then David danced before the Lord with
then David danced before the Lord with all his might and David was wearing a
all his might and David was wearing a
all his might and David was wearing a linen ephod so David and all the house
linen ephod so David and all the house
linen ephod so David and all the house of Israel brought up the Ark of the Lord
of Israel brought up the Ark of the Lord
of Israel brought up the Ark of the Lord with shouting and with the sound of the
with shouting and with the sound of the
with shouting and with the sound of the trumpet
trumpet
trumpet now as the Ark of the Lord came into the
now as the Ark of the Lord came into the
now as the Ark of the Lord came into the City of David Michael Saul's daughter
City of David Michael Saul's daughter
City of David Michael Saul's daughter looked through a window and saw King
looked through a window and saw King
looked through a window and saw King David leaping and whirling before the
David leaping and whirling before the
David leaping and whirling before the Lord and she despised him in her heart
Lord and she despised him in her heart
Lord and she despised him in her heart so they brought the Ark of the Lord and
so they brought the Ark of the Lord and
so they brought the Ark of the Lord and set it in its place in the midst of the
set it in its place in the midst of the
set it in its place in the midst of the tabernacle that David had erected for it
tabernacle that David had erected for it
tabernacle that David had erected for it then David offered burnt offerings and
then David offered burnt offerings and
then David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the Lord and when
peace offerings before the Lord and when
peace offerings before the Lord and when David had finished offering burnt
David had finished offering burnt
David had finished offering burnt offerings and peace offerings he blessed
offerings and peace offerings he blessed
offerings and peace offerings he blessed the people in the name of the Lord of
the people in the name of the Lord of
the people in the name of the Lord of hosts
hosts
hosts then he distributed among all the people
then he distributed among all the people
then he distributed among all the people among the whole multitude of Israel both
among the whole multitude of Israel both
among the whole multitude of Israel both the women and the men to everyone a loaf
the women and the men to everyone a loaf
the women and the men to everyone a loaf of bread a piece of meat and a cake of
of bread a piece of meat and a cake of
of bread a piece of meat and a cake of raisins so all the people departed
raisins so all the people departed
raisins so all the people departed everyone to his house then David
everyone to his house then David
everyone to his house then David returned to bless his household
returned to bless his household
returned to bless his household and Michael the daughter of Seoul came
and Michael the daughter of Seoul came
and Michael the daughter of Seoul came out to meet David
out to meet David
out to meet David how glorious was the king of Israel
how glorious was the king of Israel
how glorious was the king of Israel today uncovering himself today in the
today uncovering himself today in the
today uncovering himself today in the eyes of the maids of his servants as one
eyes of the maids of his servants as one
eyes of the maids of his servants as one of the base fellows shamelessly uncovers
of the base fellows shamelessly uncovers
of the base fellows shamelessly uncovers himself it was before the Lord who chose
himself it was before the Lord who chose
himself it was before the Lord who chose me instead of your father and all his
me instead of your father and all his
me instead of your father and all his house to appoint me ruler over the
house to appoint me ruler over the
house to appoint me ruler over the people of the Lord over Israel therefore
people of the Lord over Israel therefore
people of the Lord over Israel therefore I will play music before the Lord and I
I will play music before the Lord and I
I will play music before the Lord and I will be even more undignified than this
will be even more undignified than this
will be even more undignified than this and will be humble in my own sight but
and will be humble in my own sight but
and will be humble in my own sight but as for the maid servants of whom you
as for the maid servants of whom you
as for the maid servants of whom you have spoken by them I will be held in
have spoken by them I will be held in
have spoken by them I will be held in honor
honor
honor therefore Michal the daughter of Saul
therefore Michal the daughter of Saul
therefore Michal the daughter of Saul had no children to the day of her death